What's up
and you saw that there Oi good night Brasilia Thursday
Good morning seven days and seven January e2021 19 hours is our first Live
of the year in the two years that I think we failed twice It's just migrating
you who were traveling then a historic mark for us, you know, right up to the
and 22 continue in this Beat here always bringing people so they can
mine clarify what happens when Federal since we can't
find Claro Claro part of the mainstream media Our left one Elisângela
Our interpreter pounds right here the Brazilian general our minister of
health until you were greeted by the way that you have been performing your
work really is not easy give what you download for sure the same
thing that bothers me is the misinformation preached by this difference games here
for example curiosity just here goes as a
every day on the street I will change just in case there are dozens here so Jornal
State of São Paulo on the 2nd of January here is a huge photo Praia
Great you are seeing here thousands of people on the beach
and here the state of São Paulo says that there is a cause of agglomeration come to see
here at the beach and at the Sem Sem dei you were special, right?
for those who can't, I realized that I don't have to wash with Márcia but I don't
this mass that was used there the diving mask will make you nervous but
This is very sad information. For example, it was talked about a lot this week that
for incompetence of health and obviously the federal government you are also us
we didn't do it due to the provision and syringes explains for us to do well the
our good night everyone thanks for the opportunity we’re here to
looking like things and talking and showing our way of being is like
we are real and not as they sometimes paint us around or in the drawings around
We are not normal human beings we have ours is say weaknesses and
of our transportation but we are focused on the work touched on
solution if the First idea to put it to you because we really
often clashes with disinformation it clashes with how things are distorted and
lead to complete public misinformation and when we talk about it we talk
of a pandemic a distortion a misinformation
and whether or not it is intended to cause drastic consequences of
population causes united cause loofah causes a The uncertainty of what is happening in the
day by day the same thing i will talk about a little bit about syringe
and Brazil has the biggest immunization plan in the world we have one
we have a one we falter a lot the people are used to looking for the
vaccine we all vacillate we distribute around 300 million doses of
vaccine year this is the reality So there is already a network of points of
vaccination the municipalities waves followed its all municipalities and states already
working today we have around 60 million in a row
available in the states and municipalities today our account of the Ministry of
Health is called the regulatory stock it was not to start the campaign it is so that
we are in a position to help the municipality the state if he misses if he
don't be able to buy hello so how do you see the process
bidding back 90 days ago is the broad office process a first
and normal second stage with bids from companies competing when you don't
there are stretches of volunteers For an item in a process the name is deserted the one that has
or when the bidding process does not reach the price that can be paid
that item is called a failure And then you go to Disk for me to bid
failed is that item that by law is said to have failed when it has no capacity
of reaching the price the process continues he’s alive we already have new
discussions with companies we temporarily suspended exports from
export authorization we reduced import taxes
The shepherds we are the starch action and in agreement with the the
companies we made an administrative requisition has already requested 38
million just don't go now to january february for the regulator stock so
there is no chance of missing syringes because it is a simple thing
and Brazil produces a lot of cylinders a lot of people hit and you hit me with this
lie preached by the mainstream media that we did not have the competence to
anticipate for Celina's purchase now seriously enjoy it understood if I understood
here also the first moment you were going to buy because side but the price was there
up is perfect so we had bought let's calculate here comes from paying
x pay 2x and the accuse us the next day and super tool that we
last received bribe brought him here this is how it works as soon as possible
inhabitants There is no escape when talking about this
this is the one that has no commitment to the truth and to life
of the human being and when you preach lies unfold and invent lives
they die when you take the terror with respect to the invite that takes from it Panic
the population closes trade we take measures to lock down it is very takes the
unemployment in an unemployed person she was driven to death by other causes
also like suicide depression the person who does not work the tendency is if
worse food will be prone to other diseases she does not leave home with
afraid of everything that if i leave you and you that i'm going to die So this job
pig from much of the media is included the globe also these newspapers a
press here for the love of god a shame a national shame the
Shame Wow I'm not even going to talk about one billion seven hundred million
the keeper key turan favor of the family Maria who said or that feature
monstrous we go from all this time so this work when the media does a
job well done we're gonna get pyrolusite is a job further ahead and
is different when you say that you criticize Dr compassionate table of error now
we want to access we want to do the right thing now we have completed 2
years without anything about corruption corruption kills too and when it arrives it doesn't
the material arrives at the end of the line there are people who die because of it so
work our government is done with seriousness why we get
It is not easy to do the right thing Or even before our state-owned companies gave
losses to state companies caused losses of tens of billions of doses per year
with us went on to give billions of reais drawing example profits I'm sorry
real is this big government mark among others can hear there is a
corruption in ministry x can and if you have to do make resolve
arepender you don’t need it he’s going to put it on top of the cars, right they go to
we prosecute Although we have the right thing to do, it is to exonerate and prosecute this good
that has control subtitle control is not that Captain Wagner is there
he does preventive work also when he paints a name that the person was
nominated and the imminence of occupying the government is
so not a yellow blouse there not only there but people there in ours at Casa
Civil and we took that person I will not give that person there already knew that
it’s going to be a problem we don’t want it that it happened the problem for him
take action This is the mark of our died and also enjoy it here
present to you there I will not wait to finish here you have to talk
for you to ask the questions of the drip staff here, this can prepare the
first question so there are two quick issues here for us to come back and
focus on the towel run of the house why you were asked to
be here printed vote I didn't invent this now we have proof that since 2015 right
we worked on this issue and look and November 18th 2015 was taken in
vote a veto to the arm votes and the congress overthrew the veto
the deputy and 56 senators voted to overturn the veto and became effective then
this was in 2015 the government she Dilma Dilma Rousseff and the vote again and
pay that it would be put into practice in 2018 This ended up not happening because
our Supreme Court decided to say that it didn't work
ah ah it's interference is a difference and why can't i speak
because what sign right now which country in the world adopts the vote the electronic vote
Like ours doesn’t have to be doesn’t have Venezuela doesn’t have the other country
lost Germany has not accepted this one since it does not accept and the problems that
as it happened in the United States with the origin of the problem I will not enter the
doctor had other bad things the problem is transparent mistrust
transparency and there could be an audit there to a large extent and even
so we decided to do it and in the novel then go this collection as it is a few days is
his problem is not their problem right not because nothing far before the
problem with that but hey we can't allow that in 22 we have an election
here today I cannot be agitated So who believes that electronic voting is worth
okay don't do what i had with you now there are a lot of people who don't believe
who wants to respect this side of me in something for us has a vote
printed next to the one next to the electronic ballot box or whatever it is you're going to vote
so you always came back but it will appear printed on the side the people who
you went back to President Governor Senator federal and state deputy and
press the button your grandma is confirmed and the paper falls into an honor man
distrust can then be audited these sessions by Brazil what the
problem in this are eating already they got the diaper set for 22 i can only
understand this there I will not wait to arrive 22 da do not even know if I will come
candidate to start complaining we have to approve printed vote who's going
decide is the National Congress has a proposal in mine for the construction of the road
Kies here in DF, it’s been a race, your consonance is over there, a commission of
grant justice the future president of e da cama se resolve means eye
it's installed in a create a commission to analyze it will be the will
if it is voted and approved in bed I don’t know it will be promulgated in being provoked
this technique will be fulfilled e. and that faith that we will have will be fulfilled
very close to the full movie think that you should not have the right vote to see if
electronic back even see what animal will give in 2022 But we have to see the
examples of countries that are good or not because I'm here or not adopting here
the last collection here I play very fast
when some call me a genocide and you post it
we are really great killers, right? innocent to say what we did pack
mods was published by Brazil when the biggest relief program for the population
was from our ball in no other country in the world arrived did it close to what we
we only did emergency assistance were at the time of 292 billion reais the lowest
state of Brazil Roraima received one billion reais and that is worth the
their crime the owner of the Roraima type was an emergency aid so this
messed with the economy the people made purchases got fed increased had
inflation of something with the engine rice increased a little rice only in its
meat looks just like that but only worse than the feeling in the basket
basi and shortages if the country man
that so many people criticize Agribusiness our homie from the countryside, right?
that sucks if they hadn’t work there wouldn’t be food on your table
so emergency aid that is a reality is a program just right I
I want to see next week I bring Pedro's song here from Caixa
Econômica Federal she talks about the other programs that we did that I'm just going to
life-saving jobs did what the company did not shut down did what head of
family don't despair son that we have to face a closure
indiscriminate nature of the Brazilian economy if I had the power to deal with it
of this matter we will give special attention you are just a laughing group
with community and older people and the rest the population returns to
work would keep working And now what now some are doing the
seeing all this is an irresponsibility so yes let your
curiosity only is the state that received the most was not from the Northeast region are
Nordeste Vingança 19 states our relative income was also more than the
double the ratio of the type, that is, the one who received the most is the one who had less then
when we speak twice it’s a little thing it was 13 because her hair speaks speech
quickly here by the is just an important point a third of
emergency aid for example from the Northeast and they represent around
fifteen percent of GDP So actually the big rationale here for the North to
the northeast was that those who have less received more then double is relative there goes up
make an emergency aid as the name says is already bye is momentary
in some they want it to be eternal to Dias where he will withdraw money he had a one
i ***** that these days a tip a huge list of Social Security debtors
Talk to the guys to charge you these charges are people to be used now this
parliamentarian who did this if he had a little knowledge was not so well
magogo squeeze in a project that this resource would be to make it signed
emergency aid it is very easy to criticize when one is aware of the
things that make demagogy right and make a carnival with these more humble ones
need a lot of your child and we want to help help those
people in need of that they drown cooked the health care system we
come on look hello all to ask you a question to
that you can do for the first time here from the climate guys at Isaac makes the mistake
early treatment its your touching observation there that that you think
which is talking about it here is fundamental There is no other way out But
we diagnose mos by the doctor as soon as possible to start the treatment
early as soon as possible This is it What life saver is this that avoids
that people get worse and I have to go to an ICU encouraged by Quina glue and
of her routine Anitta ivermectina has existed for decades
a personal agreement is with worm it is common right to accept ivermectin I have
once a year I always took it out now it was a coincidence this also happened
helps to decrease viral load is a finding of tens of thousands and
doctor we only have almost 500 thousand meters Brazil with 30 ml same or only believe
all right now i'm an alternative is to stay home when you feel short of breath and for the
hospital How to encourage TV Globo here with your marketer mandetta you will
to Hospital Do what if there is no medicine
and even in the one-handed protocol it was to be used there, cocaine was in
home a serious case everyone knows I haven't done any I took two
achievements you're doing well took too or just the girl who had the shape
beautiful and it won't hurt it has scientific proof Not yet but no
it’s bad if you don’t want to take it, don’t take it, but don’t talk nonsense and
trying to give up whoever was going to take it doesn’t hurt and even it was very
butchered a little while ago saying that ours here in the cause for us half
the question of approximately two months the European Society of Cardiology
said it does not cause arrhythmia Oi and TV Globo in the 2016 program if not
I'm wrong there were people announcing there from a press conference saying that there was no
done with the troop the pregnant women that was used to fight Zika love the
formation right the cerebral São Miguel of the children
then it became a crime and they started criticizing me
money, right, from TV Globo, no more pawns jumping from the official propaganda of the
government then I say Ok but there is no problem this company source
lost that cattle from Brazil that we regret lost that one from Brazil
but also then the treatment for when it's right with me plus 200 people
of my building to pick up there by invitation ok and as far as I know no one was even
to the hospital there was a woman who was going to work at home who had
problems and picked it up at home and then there were other problems in the other novelty
ended up dying out of that to 200 people of our black no one even
was the first question to him What is it
The book is possible to make a prognosis for the beginning of vaccination before
approval by Anvisa of the respective vaccines considering that it can
certify or not thank you thank you that you use authorization is required to
emergency use or the definitive registration to apply any vaccine from the
So this is not a fact It will be applied to vaccines in Brazil will be
vaccines applied without emergency authorization or the definitive registration
by Anvisa defending the efficacy and safety of that immunizer is not
high at the moment and we have in Brazil being worked on
part of the emergency authorization for the Butantã vaccine and that of transgenics that are
private parts manufactured in Brazil and will be published in Brazil is not
saying that they are being manufactured from Butantã, Anvisa will analyze the process
and when that Anvisa makes authorization for emergency use we already made the
contracting these vaccines and the owner distributing them through our penis there is a
the possibility that he would be in Brazil for a few weeks for sure we
we have three periods well defined by the Ministry until the 20th of January in
period of what I consider there a better hypothesis from January 20 to December 10
February would be average and Boots and from February 10 until the end of until the
end of February beginning of March that would be a long term there but more doors
is it is more time consuming we are working
importing vaccines from astrazeneca and seeing the factory of the
rear of India two million doses for now to arrive in Brazil
in parallel the authorization for emergency use in order to be distributed
Butantã already has Six Million Dollars also imported, requested the
emergency authorization as soon as this has happened by Anvisa Nós
we also distribute it through the penis this is the beginning but we must not forget that
Brazil has 210 million inhabitants and an effective vaccination program
you need 20 and 30 million doses per month and that’s what we’re looking for with
Brazilian factories curiosity so the company saying all the time that the
Brazil did not start vaccination So come on
the percentage of people vaccinated our country the father that lowest until the
time was Israel fifteen percent got it worth a million three hundred thousand people
perfect is equivalent to this is more or less more or less is percent of
population of the state of Rio de Janeiro 1 million and three hundred doses applied
so it's around seven 650 thousand people center two shots to second place
with eight percent of its population who took the United States vaccine an email
percent and then almost everyone here below one percent now appears
here a laboratory sold a percentage a very small amount of vaccine
for some countries this is exactly the vaccine today there are two vaccines there that
are running strong the failure and the Russian Sputnik the vaccine to do it she
and we are still working with the company to try to reduce the
restrictive contracting clauses for Ramos so she was sold to
several multi-country countries but with quantitative doses Very small doses then
time there applying eight thousand doses of 12 thousand doses 31 thousand doses So when you
if you add up all the doses of vaccines applied in the world divided by 2 that only
people, right, you don't even have the city of Rio de Janeiro so it's complicated
when we are asked if we are late We are
putting together the biggest vaccination plan in the world and it starts in the next 45 days my
I just put We can be the next videos and the
people are on the wave, right, we're delaying, we're in a hurry between you and me
that the vaccine exists Anvisa is not that it will have to be respected it will be
respected even by cancer the past of a job has always only been missing we are not
only the vaccine defends any medicine that arrives in Brazil here
so you can put it on the shelf in the pharmacies to sell it, you have to go through
by Anvisa my life does an exceptional job the vision that delay life
no one wants to protect life because the labs from what I know how to breed
correct me there he doesn't want to take any responsibility in case
collateral is exactly that there this laboratory is that we are trying
import, they require a complete exemption from liability for the effects
Kipling's collateral and infinite future is an emergency vaccine You don't have
scientific proof the irresponsibility any authority
from Brazil say that if you don’t take it in my state in your city you’ll
suffer certain sanctions buy example there is a parliamentarian here in Brasilia of the PT
represented the project on the digital bed so forbidden then the father who did not
his parents did not get vaccinated putting a child in public or private school is going
stay at home smell him and the other I don't know in the Senator also from
republic and tightened the project eight years in jail
and for those who do not get a vaccine and there’s no point what’s going on
it's an experimental thing we don't have scientific proof the vaccine
mandatory one that she is She is a fait accompli she is
tested and approved all over the world, there’s the vaccine, thanks to this one, you don’t
you can say this is mandatory The vaccine that has not been proven yet and
Experimental and any the lab can enter with the missing documentation the
life asking right So that it is applied in an emergency way that
any Russian Sputnik can get naked at Anvisa E if it is approved that
you will have to apply stay stay apply to purchase will buy of course any there
ball interests me where our security is our Visa That's it we
we have to be responsible I cannot enter the pile of some thinking that
we have to run others even as the governor of a great state because
this is mandatory and not permissible to enter into this subject but then discuss
and more is not it only God I said democracy of Brazil too
you cannot impose your will on people saying it is protecting life
first person who has to have to protect the life of that person themselves
Oh, always do not do what if you govern the course a few there because the
executive authorities of the executive want to enter Brazil and irresponsible will be
that this guy is so concerned with the life of the next one or if he
have other concerns in this big negotiation another question has conditions
Ouch
Hi Ana Paula rica o bolsonaro Good night Minister case and Lu
Minister the question I have for you is the following we have already delivered
We are here in the program some infectious disease doctors who say about the danger of
you put a viral load or a vaccine on top of an organism that has already
passed through the disease and who may already have antibodies to those viruses to
for those people in Brazil who want to get the vaccine but who don't have
sure they passed asymptomatically by covid-19 the government
is going to provide some kind of exam so that these people are sure if
passed asymptomatically through the coronavirus so that they could take the
vaccine is safer Thank you good night Good night Ana Paula
thank you for your question i will go backwards the answer yes to
we distribute the rt-pcr tests to all all states all
municipalities and it really is through SUS EA free so the government already has this
the policy of making the tests available is all available to all Brazilians and I ask
authorization to the inspector Shopkeepers to doctors I am not a doctor much less
infectious disease but after listening to my team over these eight months
I can tell you two things the first
and the and the risk that you have
is to put the vaccine on someone who has had the coronavirus he is a risk
very small or practically nonexistent Unless this virus
it was an attenuated virus the attenuated virus vaccine He's one he's only
attenuated and if you could in this case we could say that this vaccine is not
in this case with that technology could have some other some other
consequence but these are taking away this possibility of the attenuated virus that we
we have no negotiation of vaccine with attenuated virus in Brazil or in Butantã, which is
Inactive virus nor in the Nica Fiocruz phase which is RNA is another technology is
this this this reality there it is outside of our remit at this moment outside of
ours and now new technologies common all
the ones that are being offered today they need to be tested over
specific groups groups of people who have HIV group of people who have
cancer group of people who have other comorbidities and other diseases
autoimmune so that's why the testing phase is very long so there are
say phase 3 being completed or partly completed for some groups and
other groups like serious children and people with these types of diseases and
as news And still need to be observed from PC and
and so mental so it is a one to understand I have more responsibility
that he compel someone to get a vaccine and click Seco ah when you apply a
vaccine or medicine that does not have a definitive registration the law is Clara who
taking it you have to be fully aware and declare that you have the
conscience to be able to take if you cannot apply a vaccine and no human being is
it is assuming that the person understands he has to declare that he understands to declare
the garbage that she may be running this is foreseen in the documentation of
Anvisa and Tá provided for in our Constitution would be a term of
responsibility is not the term of responsibility but rather it is understanding
she she is clear that it occurs only have skill was ours
and apply it together with the laboratory that manufactures it to the extent
provisional is written there that the person who will receive the vaccine she will be
Guidance on defect risks is an obligation
does not have the responsible term, she has to sign nothing more, whoever is going to apply
will tell that person your João Dona Maria the problem that can happen
we are not responsible, we will only take this risk and I'm not doing it
campaign against the vaccine nor in favor this is an awareness thing
some will do a massive vaccine campaign only the vaccine campaign
clarification and you at the end of the line decide if you’re going to get a vaccine or not I
I need to help you here in a position that is very technical and I
I need to put it here so as not to get an idea, the idea crossed is at the moment
we the federal government to buy the immunizer distributed by the penis and
apply and in the population through SUS to
degree of responsibility wow this is non-transferable so you have to have
Anvisa has to do its previous work and has to declare safety
and effectiveness of that work when Anvisa does not have this possibility of
register and authorize emergency use Then we have to
enter the clarification Claro and according to Anvisa manuals without aa
person who claims to be aware of it This is a discussion that can still be
in depth is not definitive but we at no time try to pass this
responsibility to person or exempt us from our responsibility to
government's responsibility is to have a competent regulatory agency capable of
some gives security AND effectiveness this is our responsibility from then on
people what to answer for that was to put a
project in Congress giving 72 hours to Anvisa
and if you are responsible for that or you don’t say anything and from that moment the
the vaccine is released, I vetoed it, this is the responsibility
it's in my face that I got in the traditional family that we have there is going to
holding Congress accountable decided to overturn the veto so this is in the law
so far we are going over there that was going to be deadline is being negotiated for 10
days but still some I think I should press Anvisa how am I going
interfere in Anvisa Notifies the independent agency an agency completely
Independence the people who are there All have a four-year term when
ends the mandate has a vote in the senate of names appointed by the executive
and once approved and if that person will stay at that agency in the Anvisa case for
four years now irresponsibility my
it is because he appeared at Anvisa first that I will not I will not admit a
pressure that just messing with lives This is a serious thing so the
hurried there you have to understand this business or do it trying to wear out
people politically now on my part I will not be under pressure from anyone
I will repeat here that if they hit a lot I do not care for any kind of
pressure we have is responsibility is that I said the same
so much hitting I take a piece of the phrase and the dough and stay on top of us
Show me an audio or video where I’m talking for example which is a
you don't have to try to give mine you don't have mine saying that to me
so what was true when I was hit by the glass not feeling anything I took
it was only here the next day it was long and I just didn't go back to work at
presidency because the protocol said that you have to stay at home until you don’t
had more to hear Good morning ended up happening your side
day later and I went back to work and I felt nothing for me I said to my
physical situation, right, go from life to practice and then you are not mistaken 56 o
anniversary of Brazil said that those who have a life of Atlética taking care of
your running health does exercise the chance was forty percent less and
for against the virus they install in a serious way and lead you to an illness
to hospitalization until death then agreed with me as they agreed
also the function of his vitamin so there is already research it is proven that whoever
has a high rate of vitamin D I felt absolutely nothing healthy
asymptomatic and another and make it clear here we don't have to
speak to our government's happened no tax was a journey of ours
government quite the contrary more than 500 so we decreased one of the last
now import tax on syringes and needles Congratulations to the patron
then congratulations to Minister Paulo Guedes, contrary to the Governor's motorbike,
everything increased even in the treatment today there in his condition okay then
responsibility on the part of a few bar on our part we are
doing the right thing another one that's
increasing by lowering the crime This is a poor crime I had a hard time
unemployment low wages inflation in the basic basket is a governor there in the na
hard cane, you know, increase taxes and things that influence the basic basket
a crime is an electoral crime Hi good night president 'Cristo Qual a
your opinion on the possibility that private laboratories may also
offers a vaccine against invite some people have criticized saying that with
this people who are not in the priority group would receive one before
people who do belong to the priority groups but have other
people who do not say that a good initiative because it will make
the vaccination process is speeded up so that the campaign counts faster as
Opinion of the Minister One Night to you good evening the president bolsonaro
Good night Vítor is everything has two sides, but I think the first thing we
we need until the next age of the government of the Ministry in and we will
complement complete our demand for vaccines for SUS
that's it I'm to our factories the great buying ability well given that the
manufactured in Brazil will be all manufactured in Brazil once this demand is met
and already those with SUS having attended Yes, of course there is not and should be purchased
also by the initiative by the private initiative and mainly imported from
imported factories foreign laboratories that sell the vaccine that
sell the vaccine in which registration in Brazil that has authorization given by
Anvisa Guarantee its effectiveness and safety because I cannot buy from
imported from international laboratories I think they should buy
But I remember that on the other side, we have to have a lot of capacity to supply
the single health system and leave our population completely
the vaccines available as soon as possible i have two lines because of
protest to see you for example it's offering for free and
voluntary vaccine from three three laboratories ok ok and the and the other
laboratory that you didn't you didn't made one didn't buy and case for example some
here in Brazil I want this vaccine responds
good then without too much trouble the only thing that in Brazil any medicine
the immunizer has to pass in which passed a knife on the table I think a
great idea so it will create a problem when it comes to whoever wants a
company wants to buy the vaccine abroad and sell it here who has the resource will
take a vaccine there now we will offer it in a universal way and on our part there
mandatory process he
what does that mean
I know that the ninety-nine percent of the population approximately does not run
lethal risk with green color 19 however some authorities I
personally state officials raise the issue of vaccinating the entire population
as the only possibility of resuming the coexistence of society as a whole is
how to move that kind of logic and that kind of proposition
and thank you that I use is something that I put talking to the medical class is
that everything is relative everything is very relative when it comes to disease
when it comes to people is what works for the may not work for
drinking what the risks are are the individuals right And we have our
individualities also in relation to who is really at risk of dying
I would like to put some data here But which ones are correct for us to put in
up deaths 75 percent one of the excuse deaths is
there are 75 percent of deaths in Brazil so far for codigio Pedras Pará codigio
happened people over 50 years old
the skewer is very well a profile of people who are at greater risk of
looked like this disease and the rest of the other 25 percent has
under 50 who passed away if you take away the people who have as obda
says others as a skill we will be very low numbers
It also demonstrates the profile of what we are talking about. It demonstrates that
people over 50 need to vote the healthiest of healthiest
possible possible people have to play sports eat well slept
well is to take your vitamins is to make life as healthy as possible so don't
this is not say let's say merit is only possible for those who have money
money to lead a healthy life depends on the habits of each one so if we
there we are focused on keeping our immunity high healthy states
This is a really great response for this audience to those over 50
years the understanding what goes right what goes wrong Inter
to restrictive measures this is a big is going to be a big unknown over the
time that no one really knows the result on top of this coronavirus
of this disease but it is very clear that we need to have follow-up
everyone's doctor as effective as possible and as quickly
possible to diagnose and treat if we have early treatment that
percentage will drop and drop radically so what do we need there
we need to maintain the health of the population mainly above 50 years at the top
level maintaining people's emotional balance decreasing this feeling is that it is
real scared with regards to hello everything that happens in I return this
sensation needs the Bible session to be tackled it needs to be treated with
that kind of position which is staying healthy staying well fed if
to maintain is Practicing physical activities and mainly to look for the accompaniment
doctor as soon as possible if we do that the risk goes down
exponentially when I talk about fitness we have 20
clubs loss of vision and i'm going to kick here the total 500 athlete
the future maybe because the more because the less someone has news of a player
football of the intubated tissue division i don't have anybody having a news from the
second division so only about a thousand players then the proof that
this person, right, if you have this life, you can see Flamengo played with
Palmeiras in the first round o Almost every team reserves because of
from the chain to the game it was 0 to 0 about seeing an ok then it’s the one who has this tie
physical as I am despite 65 years of age but it is there in Dinha my
I am looking for a food habit, no problem, no, it's been
talking was an exception it wasn’t a session and he picked up what day that was
specials another minister do another even have constant physical activity
Milton caught nobody when I caught it I heard Milton See a doctor
then taking a few more things took was good the next day so we ran
also who is almost my age is under 50 and you can see who
go to the beach with Constância, just start researching this data is not
because you’re on the beach but what a beach town and who goes to the beach
catches a sun and the sun is the ixtreme having children and vitamin D in the body had
no serious problems so we even have the solution there Some people always stay
hitting up to has no scientific proof the guy pays I know no
have what she pays for But in a few years time there will be like back there doing you not
is the remedy like me in the pacific war where the soldier arrives
Oh and there was no blood transfusion because everyone who could even travel
already had transfusion use coconut water imagine Nowadays coconut water doesn’t
has scientific proof Just don't go to inject coconut water in the arm the guy will
dying coconut oil is not bad for anyone even in the vein it was bad aunt is not
get it right I went there you ate medium she was talking but there is no blood touched the
anything goes here does not have a proven remedy has no sign of
when you have it, it will be a very cheap thing, right, the vaccine is expensive, so O
interest is a name for the vaccine it was very expensive and we teach here you come
a provisional measure and 20 billion reais to buy a vaccine you don't even
December she passed so we're doing the right thing with
responsibility is not a race for elections that lie ahead election
It doesn’t matter to me what interests me to solve this problem now and
i prefer to do 14 mandate with a responsibility
what responsible attention for a possible re-election so we're
doing the right thing and we have to prove it all there and the miserable he
it's behaving difficultly you have approximately 5,000 employees
with you with 1,570 Our mother this is the number of municipalities there to get
it's not true i'm wrong 5,500 keep sending me it's almost a city
You took your denying the video you take about 20 to work with you
these 20 military personnel And then a little less 1514 am I was the one who is most in the universe
of the five thousand and takes 15 because he goes even if you live with him who gets beaten
this is an irresponsibility of this media that is there are not all everyone is
one more responsibility now we do the right thing I intend the week
who comes to bring someone else here in different from the Patron
better the better than the partner to explain other things you guys one more
question you need it wrong here look the question a lot of things quickly
Facebook our 39,000 YouTube 22 symbols that 84 Thank you guys from
because of the difference, right? for sharing our channel here, the focus of
Brazil 14,000 Political Sheet São Paulo's telephone number was not São Paulo and here it is already
there police sheet 5,000 Young Pan News 12,000 Tec News 2000 total
approximately 180 thousand people watching now
and how to get rich pear pear because i got method
Figueiredo Paulo allows himself Paulo I personally knew your grandfather is right
when he left the presence of a colleague of mine is captain Moraes known to
nickname blue snake I don’t know why he was your grandfather’s aide and
worked with him served with him when he commanded the MT If I'm not mistaken too
so when he left the presidency from time to time i would go there on the
Nogueira chatting with him I was active, right, captain of the relative E
logically for me I was seeing Nilton in front of me right and I learned
something with him and I made some friends with him obviously right because I went
there dough a little more than 10 times there at the Nogueira farm so there’s a big thank you
Your grandfather's remembrance has Paulinho as your son. Paulinho is yours
father your uncle also had a certain friendship with him there in Barra da Tijuca
So congratulations there for being in the old one of Vivo
the minister despite the conviviality that a lethality in children less than
common flu and the very low transmission among them some states already
are saying they will require vaccinations to correct so that children can
school enrollment how can the ministry of education
health see this type of action well I see it with concern Because although we are
with phase 3 vaccines with emergency use authorization being proposed to a group
children are not yet tested correctly so vaccines in
principle are not yet ready to be used on children is a group
although the testing phase needs to be completed, it is not possible for us now but
now we can say that it is not even possible
and still need to do the tests i'm premature to put it this way there are people
that did not give due importance to municipal elections and mayors who
also closed everything if I am not mistaken to have in São Paulo Araraquara If I am not
mistake the mayor even saw his municipal guard seized a woman in the square
public alone and was re-launched he gets these ideas uses maybe lacked the
population ask the candidate at the time Look will you continue with the
measures or not And why now folks come back and here the mayor are not all
some mayors in my opinion makes a proposal such a measure that
o goes beyond the Rays of Absurd one thing that is experimental doesn’t have no
know what can happen to a child require to do Ours is
regrettable the position of that Mayor who takes the measure with this other
question
Victor white of how long the vaccination campaign should last one year
one more year it is possible to predict this is possible our our our plan it
we are expected to sign fifty percent of the target population
until July of June detail of the year and the other 50 percent until December in
end of the year with a margin of four more months that would be a margin for
look for some group that hasn't been totally fascinated So
our forecast here in 12 months everyone the target audience is vaccinated in
Brazil still having a margin of four more months it is important to state that
the biggest objective is our control to be able to go at the time that
you control the pandemic and contamination rates fall and life begins to
get back to normal and your big goal and this is the focus of ours is the focus of our
of our vaccination campaign in relation to a It was not that question right
so asking here you will see the holiday during the carnival Face holiday
it’s a federal law so the idea of ​​ours is logically not to create any audio if
keep the holiday but what will it skip not carnival so there will be no Carnival
it’s another story and we don’t intend to maintain that it’s a religious holiday
denying the carnival that's right it is a religious holiday is tuesday
Monday and Tuesday So let's keep it here
good and everyone is responsible for their actions is another question is
the hour Figueiredo the porn video of Minister who is formed
newspapers in Brazil have the impression that the country took a long time to buy and
operationalize vaccines in fact there are some countries that have already started their
federal government vaccination process It took some time to act in relation to
vaccines or everything is within the expected pace Hi Paulo we talked a lot
about it already here on live but I can’t shy away from putting the following is the
offer of vaccine purchased from outside it is very small the quantities are
low EA delivery date is long This is what you see in virtually all
them for you to know Jansen who is one of the best vaccines that we observe
it is only expected to be delivered in the second quarter and three million doses.
very little modern than the other Vaz the American cut and that is also
coming from coming there offering your your your brand she speaks in 8 million
doses in October and to be done regardless of the
complicated clauses that she tries to impose on us she talks about Two Billion doses
in the first quarter and Six Million elderly people in the second quarter ie we
we do not have the capacity to vaccinate anything or very little with the
imported vaccines we've been based on for the past six years
months 5 months in the production capacity of the Brazilian factories we invest
million reais to retrofit Fiocruz and we signed an agreement of 70 80
million reais with Butantã to retrofit and increase the capacity of
his production to be able to also do the vaccine against invitation is in this bet that
we have to be at the door of vaccines manufactured in Brazil and in the quantities
necessary for our country's is us if you observe the
that is happening around Brazil and in most countries in the world are
meager numbers of vaccinees that pity we could not even begin to vaccinate with eight
thousand doses 15 thousand doses 30 thousand doses that for us would not be compatible we
start we will be making the population to enter in another one another Vale
Babi that interests us where you would have only a small group vaccinated us
we are planning and with a lot of objectivity
fall in love there is always the twentieth of January and the day
the first of February, that is, in that period of the Initial Rose, our
plan I cannot I will not put a specific date here the specific day
because it would be playing with the hope of each one I need to have the vaccine
registered by Anvisa or authorized and must have the effective manufacture of
quantitative of elderly and allow the beginning having in your hand is up to five days
I distribute it to the states and municipalities You already have money left over from it the
money of the year Since last year 20 billion reais is just to make the contract
now some think the vaccine is available
bringing it here is not like that, it doesn’t even matter, it’s not available and no and you have to
pass again I have to go through Anvisa Look, we have 10 10 million
Brazilian This is a huge market these companies
And if I were the entrepreneur in the business and offered Brazil I don't know about Paraguay
with the inhabitants São should be about four minutes five million I don’t know but
is a product that I am instead of selling Paraguay to resell in Brazil now
there’s not enough and there’s a problem for them, right, our National Agency for
Health Surveillance one of the most respected in the world
Sesc SESC in Paraguay the brigadier seven million what was predicted here
so he knows that someone doesn’t look once Now I know you only
number warns was Butantan EA Fiocruz it's on time now now this week we've already
the Chemical Union that represents Sputnik there is already in negotiations already
I asked for phase 3 in Brazil the guys who are accused of being late or is it the
ignorant and incompetent or want to make a political move against us nothing
beyond that and we have Responsibility now thanks to God
Anvisa exists thanks to God it is respected not the penalty for its
president and directors as well as by all employees because these
employees is what really led Anvisa to this degree of responsibility
of confidence around the world, I'm thinking
what to sell to us and to some other countries a very big difference
no one will show screen at Anvisa I called to get to Anvisa and want to negotiate
something releases there will not have this will not have this even for the repeat right for
training of its professionals by its entire president when the
president Eduardo Vargas is the bar is the neighborhood Santo Antônio / doctor Almirante
doctor who has a great ancestry is very respected from Globo to the
vivo was humiliated by him humiliated on TV Globo live so much that the clothes didn’t
want to talk to him just by recording I told him right my friend I
I don't have any interference there, look if I were you on Globo, right, just saw Evita o
problem here, you know, then you will talk, I record it doesn't match anymore, so
we have responsibility to the population
and nothing running over and I will not interfere as it does not interfere in
nowhere I have the power to change baby but in your power to change anyone
Anvisa and would never do that because it would be messing with the life of you who
is watching us there another video A
the Victor degree again in other countries has some kind of plan for case
it happen to see hi hi Vitor thanks again yes we
we have followed adverse reactions mainly from peace, right?
being used in a greater number of countries and we observed 12 cases of reactions
serious adverse events accompanying us each is just reactions that start with the part
allergic and some other complications but as we imagine it is always everything
an unprecedented thing right and the number the number the number of cases of adverse reactions
he is he is within the expected he is high but he is within the expected
we can observe Yes we are following without already checking
12 cases with little more than a little more severity and we are observing
we haven't bought the stage so far I ended up two more will continue the
program by and then after 8 pm she uses the infectologist week
Respected shopkeepers in the scientific community have expressed concern
with the short development cycle of current vaccines 19 this issue
also worries the web mister uses yes of course yes and i want to put here
I'm not going to make a defense, but let's put the following back side
today we talk about the vaccine it takes 4 years 6 years to develop and
tested yes but there has never been a confluence of so many people and
equipment, structures and technology in the world simultaneously to be able to
develop vaccines then and it tends to be a shorter term use the
I answered because if you have a budget of 10 10 moneys and a
number of people is 20 people to test And you have a budget today of
100 you can test on 50 thousand people So the time limit really tends to decrease
but what you have previous news is that the deadline for you to have a vaccine
tested guaranteed and with all groups etc etc etc is more than 4 years and the per
that maybe And then I put here the position that the laboratory is so
anxious and under their responsibility with the side effects they have not
the Total Guarantee of Tests one of the years that lies ahead so
are are risks that person being taken by someone in the case of our vaccines
manufactured in state institutions which is Fiocruz and Butantã the
responsibility and it’s already one of those big of these big the big
institutions and it all goes through the safety and effectiveness of Uniso and gives us
so a degree of security necessary degree of security
the film A Ultima there lilou Paulo Figueiredo expected role
for the private health network in the application and distribution of vaccines, especially
comfortable vaccines do that require special storage conditions
it is well it is but we already answered that a little bit and I
but I return to name stealing the answer and the moment we fulfill all
the demands to supply SUS with vaccines to serve the population
I believe that we are on this path we need
also that the private sector acquires the vaccines directly
international laboratories or the surplus of that produced in Brazil and
private network also makes it clear that the logistical constraints
if you work when you talk about the vaccine from phase to phase it is already delivered
with 30 days with a Styrofoam refrigerator that allows for packaging
within the correct temperature for 30 days This is part of the planning
Logistic of the amount of vaccines you will take out of your 80 freezer
negative degrees o is the quantity x and it will take up to 30 days
there to be able to handle this Styrofoam it turned out to be very good
we are here an hour 7 minutes thanks for the preference is for is us
watching winning music here comes from the Patron saint well in that of health and
served to show you the concern of the work The government
federal government has been doing in the fight against inviting From last year until the man
we will remain attentive working looking for solutions and calming in the heart
listening to those really for some here for some people he is serious can
to take the work, people have to take care of themselves until the vaccine is available
I hope it works out that it will say whether it will work or not
be the experiment the time is right and after the green light from Anvisa that we are
responsible expects to return to normal as soon as possible in the most remains
only life continues and regrets today that it’s hitting 200 thousand deaths
inviting deaths other than inviting deaths we don't have a cut line with respect to
But then life continues to be deeply regretted I’m worried about the
my mother is 93 years old from Las to contract the virus she will have difficulty until
your age but it’s one now we have to get it right it’s no use it’s just
continue as some want to continue that old one and go up stay at home
what economy to see you later in this will not work this will be chaos in Brazil
I can take the conditions even more dramatic than the consequences of the virus
we cannot become a country of the poor the countries employed a country without
indebted country sack a country as rich as our population is clarified
by decisions of some we regret the deaths
and remains strong and we ask God to bless our Brazil bless the world
that after all we are Filler something cooler Give it to the lady
say something now you want to say that i just want to know your voice is for
anything your voice is my overtime may god send this out
formation virus and bring the cure a hug to everyone Until next Thursday
if it is God's will
What's up